Add Forge docs on VPC Peering (#44)
timescale/docs: timescale-forge/vpc-peering.md

# VPC Peering in Timescale Forge

Timescale Forge allows you to create a private network peering connection between
your cloud VPC and the Timescale Forge cloud infrastructure where your Timescale
services are hosted.

VPC peering isolates your Timescale Forge services ensuring that they are only

> accessible via your peered VPC, providing a greater security model due to reduced
> attack vector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accessible via your peered VPC, offering greater security due to a reduced
attack vector surface.
```

The Timescale Forge console makes creating and configuring your VPC peering connections

> simple, providing controls for adding and removing VPC peering connections, migrating
> services to and from VPCs, and creating new services with VPC peering attachments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
simple.  It provides controls for adding and removing VPC peering connections, migrating
services to and from VPCs, and creating new services with VPC peering attachments.
```

## Requirements and limitations
To use Timescale Forge VPC peering, you need your own cloud VPC, where your
applications and infrastructure are already running.

If you do not have administrative access to your cloud provider account, you will need
to work with someone from your team with sufficient permissions to:

- accept VPC peering requests,
- configure route table rules,
- configure security group and firewall rules.

<highlight type="tip">
The Timescale Forge VPC peering feature is currently limited to AWS VPC peering only.
</highlight>

<highlight type="tip">

> Timescale Forge defaults to a limit of 3 VPCs per Forge project. If more VPCs are needed,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Timescale Forge defaults to a limit of 3 VPCs per project. If more VPCs are needed,
```

> Timescale Forge defaults to a limit of 3 VPCs per Forge project. If more VPCs are needed,
> you may contact support to request a quota increase.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Timescale Forge defaults to a limit of 3 VPCs per Forge project. If you need more VPCs,
contact support to request a quota increase.
```

</highlight>

<highlight type="warning">
Once you have attached your Timescale Forge service to a VPC, it will no longer be accessible
via the public internet. It will only be accessible via your AWS VPC which has been peered
with your Timescale Forge VPC.

Timescale Forge uses a different DNS name for a Timescale service once it has been attached
to a VPC. This means that you will need to update your connection string if migrating a service
from the public internet into a VPC, or vice-versa.

> </highlight>

Reviewer 2: This is a long string of admonitions. Perhaps we could leave the warnings, but move the tips back out into paragraphs? I've found that when you have more than two in a row, they tend to *all* get ignored.

Author: Ok, I'm actually going to move this last paragraph of the warning to a different section based on some review that Luke provided. Thanks @Loquacity !

## Setup
Before you begin, log in to the Timescale Forge console.

### Create a new VPC
In the Timescale Forge console, click `VPC` in the left navigation bar to go to the VPC
dashboard. You can add new VPCs here for your Timescale Forge services to attach to.
The VPCs created here are peered with your own VPC as part of the setup process.

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="vpc-dashboard.png" alt="Navigate to the VPC dashboard in the console"/>

> Click `Create VPC`, type a name for your new VPC, and provide an IPv4 CIDR block.

Reviewer: For a user who doesn't know what a CIDR block is, give a concrete example?

Author: Will do.

Make sure that the CIDR block you choose for your VPC does not overlap with the
cloud VPC you are using to create a peering connection. If the CIDR blocks overlap,

> the peering process will fail. You can always find the CIDR block of your AWS VPC

Reviewer: Maybe screen shot of AWS VPC in console?  Or are there any direct links, AWS docs, or breadcrumbs we can point user to?

Author: @mfreed I have a bunch of screenshots, including a screenshot of this exact view. They are currently in a zip linked in the PR description at the very top of this PR. I don't have access to the location where they are hosted, so for now the images are not being rendered.

@ryanbooz and others are planning on helping me get those images setup so that we can properly reference them in the docs. That is a pending task though.

Reviewer 3: just uploaded what we have ATM.

from the AWS console.

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="create-vpc.png" alt="Create a new Forge VPC"/>

<highlight type="tip">

> Though VPC peering is still covered by the Timescale Forge trial period, you will be required
> to enter a valid payment method in order to create a VPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VPC peering can be enabled for free during your Timescale Forge trial, but you will be
required to enter a valid payment method in order to create a VPC (even though you
will not yet be charged for it).
```

</highlight>

### Create a peering connection
When you have created a Timescale Forge VPC, you are ready to create a peering connection
between your Forge VPC and your cloud VPC. To do this, expand the dropdown menu by clicking
the `VPC Peering` column on your Forge VPC.

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="create-peering-connection.png" alt="Expand the VPC Peering dropdown menu and enter info"/>

> From this menu, enter the AWS Account ID, AWS VPC ID and AWS region of your

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From this menu, enter the AWS Account ID, AWS VPC ID, and AWS region of your
```

> From this menu, enter the AWS Account ID, AWS VPC ID and AWS region of your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From this menu, enter the AWS Account ID, AWS VPC ID, and AWS region of your
```

cloud VPC for the new peering connection. When you have entered the correct
information, click `Add peering connection` to begin the peering process.

This process is asynchronous, and results in a peering connection sent to your
AWS account for you to accept. This is an important safety mechanism, never
accept a peering connection from an unknown account. All Timescale Forge
peering connections are sent from the AWS account `142548018081`.

<highlight type="tip">

> Make note of the peering connection ID (starting with `pcx-`) as it is used in the next step.

Author: Good call. Done.

</highlight>

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="aws-accept-peering-connection.png" alt="Accept peering connection in AWS console after verifying requestor account number"/>

### Network Route & Security
Once you have accepted the peering connection from the last step, the two VPCs will now

> be peered; however, in order to use this peering connection, you will need to update your

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
be peered; however, in order to use this peering connection, you need to update your
```

> VPC's route table to include the CIDR block of your peered Forge VPC, and lastly you will

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
VPC's route table to include the CIDR block of your peered Forge VPC. You also
```

Reviewer 2: When you use "will" in a sentence, you are flipping into future tense, which has a tendency to weird language. Where there's a will, you need to re-write 😉

Author: Excellent pointer, thank you!

> VPC's route table to include the CIDR block of your peered Forge VPC, and lastly you will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VPC's route table to include the CIDR block of your peered Timescale Forge VPC, and lastly you will
```

need to update your VPC's security groups.

> #### Route Table

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Route table
```

Within the AWS console, navigate to the
[Route Tables](https://console.aws.amazon.com/vpc/home#RouteTables:sort=routeTableId)
dashboard. Select the route table corresponding to your VPC. From the detail menu, select
the `Routes` tab and click the `Edit routes` button.

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="aws-route-table-routes.png" alt="The AWS Route Tables dashboard with Routes tab expanded"/>

From this view, click `Add route`. In the `Destination` column of the new row,

> enter the CIDR block of the Forge VPC for which the peering connection was

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enter the CIDR block of the Timescale Forge VPC for which the peering connection was
```

configured in the previous few steps.

> Then in `Target` column, enter the peering connection ID (starting with `pcx-`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the `Target` column, enter the peering connection ID (starting with `pcx-`)
```

> noted in the previous step where we created the peering connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
noted in the previous step where you created the peering connection.
```

> No other configuration is needed here, so you may now click `Save routes`. This

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
No other configuration is needed here, so click `Save routes`. This
```

configuration allows network traffic to flow from your VPC, across the peering

> connection, and over to the Forge VPC where your Timescale services reside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
connection, and over to the Timescale Forge VPC where your Timescale services reside.
```

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="aws-edit-routes.png" alt="Adding a new route table entry for our peering connection"/>

> #### Security Groups

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Security groups
```

> #### Security Groups

Reviewer: I believe our docs support "steps" like 1, 2, 3, 4.  Maybe sections like that should be shown like this?  Easier to follow & visually nicer.

Author: Nice! I'll give that a whirl to see if that helps the flow.

Reviewer 2: I'm going to have to go through and redo the structure of all these, so don't worry too much right now. Do whatever you like the look of, and when I have a template set up, we can do over.

Within the AWS console, navigate to the
[Security Groups](https://console.aws.amazon.com/vpc/home#securityGroups:)
dashboard. From this view, click `Create security group` to create a new security group.

<highlight type="tip">

> If needed, another security group which already exists in your VPC may be used;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to, you can use another security group which already exists in your VPC,
```

however, for simplicity we will assume the creation of a new security group.
</highlight>

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="aws-create-security-group.png" alt="The AWS Security Groups dashboard"/>

> From the Create security group view, enter a name for your security group. Add whatever

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From the `Create security group` view, enter a name for your security group. Add whatever
```

> content you would like to the description field. For the VPC field, select the VPC

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
content you would like to the description field. For the `VPC` field, select the VPC
```

which has been peered with your Forge VPC.

No inbound rules are required, so leave the inbound rules section empty.

In the outbound rules section, select `Custom TCP` for the rule type. The protocol
should remain as TCP. The port range should be `5432`, which is the port which will
be used to connect to your Timescale Forge services. The Destination should be set

> to `Custom` and the value should be the CIDR block of your Forge VPC.

Author: Hmm, another good call. That `0.0.0.0/0` block will need to be deleted. I'll add a note about that in the docs.

> to `Custom` and the value should be the CIDR block of your Forge VPC.

Author: Done.

Finally, click `Create security group`. With this step, you will now be able to

> connect to any of your Timescale Forge services attached to your peered VPC.

Reviewer: Do we want a quick section that also describes how to move services between VPCs, or from VPC -> Public -> VPC?

Also, any section about the status codes of the VPC?

Author: I'm writing the docs for service migrations right now. I'll make sure to ping you for review once those are done.

Author: > Also, any section about the status codes of the VPC?

What did you have in mind for this? Just a description of the various states which are presented in the Forge UI?

- configure security group and firewall rules.

<highlight type="tip">
The Timescale Forge VPC peering feature is currently limited to AWS VPC peering only.
</highlight>

<highlight type="tip">
Timescale Forge defaults to a limit of 3 VPCs per project. If you need more VPCs,
you may contact support to request a quota increase.
</highlight>

<highlight type="warning">
Once you have attached your Timescale Forge service to a VPC, it will no longer be accessible
via the public internet. It will only be accessible via your AWS VPC which has been peered
with your Timescale Forge VPC.
</highlight>

## Setup
Before you begin, log in to the [Timescale Forge console](https://console.forge.timescale.com/).

### Create a new VPC
In the Timescale Forge console, click `VPC` in the left navigation bar to go to the VPC
dashboard. You can add new VPCs here for your Timescale Forge services to attach to.
The VPCs created here are peered with your own VPC as part of the setup process.

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="vpc-dashboard.png" alt="Navigate to the VPC dashboard in the console"/>

Click `Create VPC`, type a name for your new VPC, and provide an IPv4 CIDR block.

> E.G., `10.0.0.0/16` or `192.168.0.0/24`.

Reviewer 4: Personally, I would put this within parenthesis in the previous sentence:

> “…CIDR block (e.g, `10.0.0.0/16` or `192.168.0.0/24`).”

Just seems weird to me to start a sentence with `E.G.` since most of the time I see it tacked on the end of a sentence or in a footnote

Author: I like that suggestion, and I think it will flow a bit more nicely.

Make sure that the CIDR block you choose for your VPC does not overlap with the
cloud VPC you are using to create a peering connection. If the CIDR blocks overlap,

> the peering process will fail. You can always find the CIDR block of your AWS VPC

Reviewer 4: We start the document by using just "cloud provider," which is nice in that it is cloud agnostic, but then we shift to using AWS terminology. That just seems odd since we say how VPC peering is only available in AWS via a tip, which feels like an aside comment, but then we talk about AWS directly.

I'm being nitpicky :trollface:

Author: Yea ... I wasn't sure how to balance that out. I'll leave this unresolved for now. Maybe @mfreed @lukas-bernert @Loquacity can share their opinions on this as well?

Reviewer 3: Honestly I was going to give the same feedback. When you read this doc, it's AWS specific and it's going to be hard to make it generic later with GPC or Azure (ie. AWS Console vs. Azure Portal).

I'd personally just rename the page 'VPC Peering on AWS' and be ok with it. It's clear, we're not trying to be too general, and we can revisit if/when we tackle the next vendor.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, agree with Ryan. Let's just be specific from the start. Presumably a different vendor will require a new page with different instructions.

from the AWS console.

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="create-vpc.png" alt="Create a new Forge VPC"/>

<highlight type="tip">
VPC peering can be enabled for free during your Timescale Forge trial, but you will be
required to enter a valid payment method in order to create a VPC (even though you
will not yet be charged for it).
</highlight>

### Create a peering connection
When you have created a Timescale Forge VPC, you are ready to create a peering connection
between your Forge VPC and your cloud VPC. To do this, expand the dropdown menu by clicking
the `VPC Peering` column on your Forge VPC.

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="create-peering-connection.png" alt="Expand the VPC Peering dropdown menu and enter info"/>

From this menu, enter the AWS Account ID, AWS VPC ID, and AWS region of your
cloud VPC for the new peering connection. When you have entered the correct
information, click `Add peering connection` to begin the peering process.

This process is asynchronous, and results in a peering connection sent to your

> AWS account for you to accept. This is an important safety mechanism, never

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
AWS account for you to accept. This is an important safety mechanism -- never
```

Comma feels weird here. A `--` or a `:` is more appropriate I believe

Author: How about an mdash (— u2014)? Pretty sure markdown parsers transform `--` into —.

Reviewer 4: Yeah, that was what I intended

accept a peering connection from an unknown account. All Timescale Forge
peering connections are sent from the AWS account `142548018081`.

Navigate to the AWS console's
[Peering Connections](https://console.aws.amazon.com/vpc/home#PeeringConnections:)
dashboard. Find the new peering connection request sent from Timescale Forge, and
accept the request.

<highlight type="tip">
Make note of the peering connection ID (starting with `pcx-`) as it is used in the next step.
</highlight>

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="aws-accept-peering-connection.png" alt="Accept peering connection in AWS console after verifying requestor account number"/>

### Network routing and security

> Once you have accepted the peering connection from the last step, the two VPCs will now

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Once you have accepted the peering connection, the two VPCs will now
```

Reviewer 4: See below for thoughts -- we can opt to keep this as well

Author: Agreed. I think this is a safe change as it is still in close enough proximity from "the last step".

be peered; however, in order to use this peering connection, you need to update your
VPC's route table to include the CIDR block of your peered Timescale Forge VPC, and you
also need to update your VPC's security groups.

#### Route table
Within the AWS console, navigate to the
[Route Tables](https://console.aws.amazon.com/vpc/home#RouteTables:sort=routeTableId)
dashboard. Select the route table corresponding to your VPC. From the detail menu, select
the `Routes` tab and click the `Edit routes` button.

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="aws-route-table-routes.png" alt="The AWS Route Tables dashboard with Routes tab expanded"/>

From this view, click `Add route`. In the `Destination` column of the new row,
enter the CIDR block of the Timescale Forge VPC for which the peering connection
was configured in the previous few steps.

In the `Target` column, enter the peering connection ID (starting with `pcx-`)

> noted in the previous step where you created the peering connection.

Reviewer 4: Maybe it's me, but the "where you created" or "was configured" stuff seems superfluous and can be 🔪 . That said, in documentation we probably need to be painfully explicit

Author: I do think that this may be a case where we want to keep the reference to the previous step, as that previous step has a "tip" box calling out the action. Thoughts?

Reviewer 4: Like I said, it's probably the case that documentation has to be painfully explicit as to avoid any ambiguity. I think in most cases the context makes it clear, but it's probably better just to leave it (less people sending in support 🎫 )

Author: Copy that. I'll leave this unresolved for now in case anyone else has a preference on this one.

Reviewer 3: Maybe a different approach is to note somewhere near the top (or the top of the relevant sections) the items you'll need to save for later (like give them a little table that they can mentally fill in or copy to a clipboard) and then reference that as you go. It's generally helpful for me when I know ahead of time that I'm about to do something and theres a piece of information I need to save for later.

Also, for images like the "Accept Request" in AWS, it's helpful to highlight/outline the information you're referring to. It was honestly really hard for me to find the `pcx-` text in the image.

Reviewer 2: Definitely adding screenshots will help here. We can also do things like blurring out the non-important bits of a screenshot to highlight where people need to look (that also helps with maintaining screenshots over time, too).

previously. If you have multiple VPCs, select the VPC which you want your new service
to be attached to.

Click `Create Service`, and Timescale Forge will create your new service. Due to
selecting a VPC during setup, your new service will be created with an attachment to
your selected VPC.

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="create-service-with-vpc.png" alt="Create new service with VPC attachment"/>

## Migrating a service
Timescale Forge services may be migrated between VPCs within a Forge project, and may also
be migrated to and from the public network. Typically, once you have attached your service
to a VPC, it should remain attached to ensure that your applications running in your AWS
VPC will have continued connectivity to your service.

<highlight type="warning">
Timescale Forge uses a different DNS name for a Timescale service once it has been attached
to a VPC. This means that you will need to update your connection string if migrating a service
from the public internet into a VPC, or vice-versa.
</highlight>

To migrate a Timescale Forge service between VPCs, or to migrate to/from the public network,

> navigate to the operations page of your service. First, navigating to the

Reviewer 4: Maybe replace `navigating` with `go` so that we don't keep repeating the same word (feels clunky). Can also remove `First` since we never follow up with a `second` or `third`

Author: Yea, I conjugated incorrectly. I already fixed that based on my previous self-review. I actually changed it to chop out some of the intermediate content, and it now reads:

> To migrate a Timescale Forge service between VPCs, or to migrate to/from the public network,
> navigate to the [Services Dashboard](https://console.forge.timescale.com/dashboard/services),
> select the service you wish to migrate, click the `Operations` tab in the service details view,
> and click the `VPC` tab within the `Operations` view. From this view, you have a few options
> depending on the state of your service.

Author: Thoughts?

Reviewer 2: much better in the re-write 👍  (As an aside, I'll be writing some guidance on verbs in the next week or so, as well).

[Services Dashboard](https://console.forge.timescale.com/dashboard/services), select the
service you wish to migrate, click the `Operations` tab in the service details view, and
click the `VPC` tab within the `Operations` view. From this view, you have a few options
depending on the state of your service.

<highlight type="warning">

> DNS propagation can take time. After migrating your Timescale Forge service,

Reviewer 4: Probably can remove the `DNS propagation can take time.`

Author: Good call. Giving it the 🔪

please allow a few minutes for DNS propagation. If you receive DNS errors indicating
that the DNS name could not be resolved, this indicates that more time is needed for
DNS propagation.
</highlight>

### Migrate from public network to VPC
When your service is attached to the public network, you have the option to select a VPC
to migrate your service into.

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="migrate-public-to-vpc.png" alt="Migrate from public network to VPC"/>

Once you have selected the VPC to migrate your service into, click `Attach VPC`. When prompted
for confirmation, type `MIGRATE` as instructed, then click `Migrate`.

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="migrate-public-to-vpc-confirm.png" alt="Confirm migration into VPC"/>

Your service will now go through a series of asynchronous operations ultimately

> resulting in your service being attached to your selected VPC. These operations

Reviewer 4: `your service being attached` -> `it attaching`

Author: I'm actually going to simplify this paragraph a bit. I think it is too verbose, definitely more than it needs to be.

service details page is already updated to include the new DNS info, and should be used
for connecting to your service.

<highlight type="tip">
When migrating your service into a VPC, ensure that your AWS VPC's security groups
allow network access from your AWS VPC to the Forge VPC which your service has been
migrated into. Security group configuration was previously covered as part of
peering connection setup. Double-check to be sure, otherwise you will not be able
to connect to your Timescale Forge service.
</highlight>

### Migrate between VPCs
When your service is already attached to a VPC, you have the option to migrate that
service to another VPC within the same project.

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="migrate-between-vpcs.png" alt="Migrate between VPCs"/>

To migrate between VPCs, expand the `Migrate into another VPC` menu and select the VPC
to migrate your service to. Then click `Migrate`. You will then be prompted to confirm
the migration.

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="migrate-between-vpcs-confirm.png" alt="Migrate between VPCs confirmation"/>

Your service will now go through a series of asynchronous operations ultimately

> resulting in your service being detached from its previous VPC and attached to the

Reviewer 4: `being detached` -> `detaching`, and `attached` -> `attaching`

new VPC which you selected.

In the case of VPC to VPC migration, the `Service URL` connection string will not

> be updated, only the IP address which the DNS name is associated with will be updated.

Reviewer 4: "In the case of VPC to VPC migration, only the IP address which the DNS name is associated with with will be updated."

Your next sentence makes it clear the connection string remains unchanged

Though the connection string does not need to be updated, please provide a few minutes
for the DNS record changes to propagate.

<highlight type="tip">
When migrating your service between VPCs, ensure that your AWS VPC's security groups

> allow network access from your AWS VPC to the Forge VPC which your service has been

Reviewer 4: Can remove `been`

migrated into. Security group configuration was previously covered as part of
peering connection setup. Double-check to be sure, otherwise you will not be able
to connect to your Timescale Forge service.
</highlight>

### Migrate back to public network

> When your service is already attached to a VPC, you have the option to migrate that

Reviewer 4: `that service` -> `it`

service back to the public network.

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="migrate-back-to-public.png" alt="Migrate back to public network"/>

To migrate your service back to the public network, click `Migrate back to public network`.
You will then be prompted to confirm the migration.

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="migrate-back-to-public-confirm.png" alt="Migrate back to public network confirm"/>

Your service will now go through a series of asynchronous operations ultimately

> resulting in your service being detached from its previous VPC and made accessible

Reviewer 4: Might be okay for `being detached` here since it avoids us having to do `being made accessible`

Author: Changed it completely `:)`. Thanks for all of the great feedback @ncalibey!

# VPC Peering in Timescale Forge

Timescale Forge allows you to create a private network peering connection between
your cloud VPC and the Timescale Forge cloud infrastructure where your Timescale
services are hosted.

VPC peering isolates your Timescale Forge services ensuring that they are only
accessible via your peered VPC, providing a greater security model due to reduced
attack vector.

The Timescale Forge console makes creating and configuring your VPC peering connections
simple, providing controls for adding and removing VPC peering connections, migrating
services to and from VPCs, and creating new services with VPC peering attachments.

> ## Requirements & Limitations

Author: ✅

In order to use the Timescale Forge VPC peering feature, it is expected that you will
have your own cloud VPC. Typically your cloud VPC is where your applications and

> infrastructure are already running.

Author: ✅

If you do not have administrative access to your cloud provider account, you will need
to work with someone from your team with sufficient permissions to:

- accept VPC peering requests,
- configure routing table rules,
- configure security group and firewall rules.

> **The Timescale Forge VPC peering feature is currently limited to AWS VPC peering only.**

Author: ✅

## Setup

> As always, first we need to log into the Timescale Forge console.

Author: ✅

> ### Create a New VPC

Author: ✅

Once you've logged in, navigate to the `VPC` dashboard by clicking the `VPC` nav item
in the left navigation bar. From this view, you are able to add new VPCs to which your
Timescale Forge services may be attached. The VPCs created here will be peered with

> your own VPC as part of this setup process.

Author: ✅

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="" alt="Navigate to the VPC dashboard in the console"/>

Click the `Create VPC` button. From this view, enter a name for your new VPC as well as
an IPv4 CIDR block. **It is important to note** that the CIDR block you choose for your
VPC here must not overlap with your cloud VPC to which you will be creating a peering
connection. If the CIDR blocks do overlap, the peering process — which we will perform

> next — will fail. You can always find the CIDR block of your AWS VPC from the AWS console.

Author: ✅

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="" alt="Create a new Forge VPC"/>

> ### Create a Peering Connection

Author: ✅

Once you have create a Timescale Forge VPC, you are now ready to create a peering connection
between your Forge VPC and your cloud VPC. To do this, expand the dropdown menu by clicking

> the `VPC Peering` column on your Forge VPC.

Author: ✅

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="" alt="Expand the VPC Peering dropdown menu and enter info"/>

From this menu, you will need to enter the AWS Account ID, AWS VPC ID and AWS region of
your cloud VPC to which you would like a peering connection to be made. Once you have
entered the correct information, click the `Add peering connection` button to begin the

> peering process.

Author: ✅

This process is asynchronous, and will result in a peering connection being sent to your
AWS account for you to accept. This is an important safe mechanism, and you should never
accept a peering connection from an unknown account. All Timescale Forge peering connections

> will be sent from the AWS account `142548018081`.

Author: ✅
